[Python] querying articles batch 2 [Replace C# samples] (#1798)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/querying/how-to-perform-a-faceted-search.python.markdown

| **facets** | `List[FacetBase]` | Items containing `FacetBase` implementations |
| **facet_setup_document_id** | `str` | ID of a document containing `FacetSetup` |

### Facet & RangeFacet

{INFO:Facet vs RangeFacet}
`RangeFacet` allows you to split the results of the calculations into several ranges, in contrast to `Facet` where whole spectrum of results will be used to generate a single outcome.
{INFO/}

{CODE-TABS}
{CODE-TAB:python:Facet facet_7_3@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToPerformFacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:RangeFacet facet_7_4@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToPerformFacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:FacetAggregation facet_7_5@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToPerformFacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TABS/}

### Builder

{CODE:python facet_7_1@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToPerformFacetedSearch.py /}

| Parameters | | |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| ***ranges** | `RangeBuilder` | A list of aggregated ranges |

> | **field_name** | `str` | Points to the index field that should be used for operation (`byRanges`, `byField`) or to document field that should be used for aggregation (`sumOn`, `minOn`, `maxOn`, `averageOn`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **field_name** | `str` | Points to the index field that should be used for operation (`by_ranges`, `by_field`) or to document field that should be used for aggregation (`sum_on`, `min_on`, `max_on`, `average_on`) |
```

Author: done, thx

| **display_name** | `str` | If set, results of a facet will be returned under this name |
| **options** | `FacetOptions` | Non-default options that should be used for operation |

> | **path** | `str` | Points to the index field that should be used for operation (`byRanges`, `byField`) or to document field that should be used for aggregation (`sumOn`, `minOn`, `maxOn`, `averageOn`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **path** | `str` | Points to the index field that should be used for operation (`by_ranges`, `by_field`) or to document field that should be used for aggregation (`sum_on`, `min_on`, `max_on`, `average_on`) |
```

Author: done
